# March 2025

Welcome to the March 2025 release notes for GitHub Skills.

<!-- Table of contents -->

## Exercises

#### 🆕 [Getting Started with GitHub Copilot](https://github.com/skills/getting-started-with-github-copilot)

> Learn, build, debug, and ship faster than ever with your favorite AI pair programmer.

In this exercises, learners will onboard to Mergington High School's web application for managing extra curricular activities. They'll use GitHub Copilot to learn about the application, debug a reported problem, fix the problem, and add new functionality. Technical topics include:

- Copilot Inline Suggestions
- Copilot Chat
- Copilot Edits
- Copilot in the CLI
- Copilot Commit Messages
- Copilot Pull Request Summaries
- Copilot Review

#### 🆕 [Your First Extension for GitHub Copilot](https://github.com/skills/your-first-extension-for-github-copilot)

> Teach GitHub Copilot about your industry, lingo, and company processes.

In this exercise, learners will customize GitHub Copilot to support the staff of Mergington High School. They'll tailor a job description to make it friendlier for non-developers and provide the school's info and procedures, allowing the staff communicate more naturally. Technical topics include:

- GitHUb Copilot Extensions
- Copilot in the Web Browser
- Copilot Chat
- GitHub Apps

#### Deprecations

- The [Code with GitHub Copilot](https://github.com/skills/copilot-codespaces-vscode) exercise has been deprecated. A message has been added forwarding to [Getting Started with GitHub Copilot](https://github.com/skills/getting-started-with-github-copilot).

#### Migration

- [Introduction to GitHub](https://github.com/skills/introduction-to-github) has been migrated from readme-based to issue-based

## Platform Enhancements

### Skills Exercise Toolkit (preview)

The [Skills Exercise Toolkit](https://github.com/skills/exercise-toolkit) is a vision to build a collection of commonly used components.
Our hope is templatize the underlying functional parts and provide space for more flexibility and personality in the exercises.

In this first preview version, we combine some existing resources together, including:

- **Find Exercise Workflow** - A reusable workflow that finds the issue created for hosting the exercise learning.
- **Start Exercise Workflow** - A reusable workflow that deactivates the "Copy Exercise" button, activates the "Start Exercise" button, deactivates all step workflows but the first one, and creates a new issue for hosting the learning steps.
- **Finish Exercise Workflow** - A reusable workflow that closes the issue and updates the main readme with a congratulations message.
- **Response Templates** - A collection of markdown files with mustache style templating. These can be used to provide consistently style messages during step feedback.

> Note: Existing exercies have not been modified to use this toolkit yet.

### Skills Exercise Development Codespace (preview)

The [Skills Exercise Development Codespace](https://github.com/skills/skills-manager) (currently known as "Skills Manager") is a preconfigured multi-workspace VS Code environment designed to easier authoring and updating of Skills exercises.
The vision is to provide consistent runtime environments, linting settings, test tools, and access to the Skills Toolkit to accelerate exercise development

In this first preview version, it provides:

- Option to run as a codespae or local development container.
- Configuration settings to run grading workflows locally.
- Configuration settings for markdown linting so all exercises follow the same formatting.
- Clones useful Actions.
- Draft documentation for recommended practices.

